Sample App setup (#3)
inrupt/docs-react-sdk: source/application.rst

sample application allows users to view/edit user profile. You can play

> with the application at https://solid-ui-react-example.docs.inrupt.com/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the application at https://react-demo.docs.inrupt.com/.
```
